c:\users\hossein\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\firstversion\firstversion\bin\Debug\firstversion.exe.config
c:\users\hossein\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\firstversion\firstversion\bin\Debug\firstversion.exe
c:\users\hossein\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\firstversion\firstversion\bin\Debug\firstversion.pdb
c:\users\hossein\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\firstversion\firstversion\obj\Debug\firstversion.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hossein\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\firstversion\firstversion\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\hossein\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\firstversion\firstversion\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\hossein\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\firstversion\firstversion\obj\Debug\firstversion_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\hossein\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\firstversion\firstversion\obj\Debug\firstversion_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\hossein\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\firstversion\firstversion\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\hossein\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\firstversion\firstversion\obj\Debug\firstversion.g.resources
c:\users\hossein\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\firstversion\firstversion\obj\Debug\firstversion.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\hossein\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\firstversion\firstversion\obj\Debug\firstversion.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\hossein\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\firstversion\firstversion\obj\Debug\firstversion.exe
c:\users\hossein\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\firstversion\firstversion\obj\Debug\firstversion.pdb
C:\Users\Hossein\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\firstversion\firstversion\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.dll
C:\Users\Hossein\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\firstversion\firstversion\bin\Debug\RibbonControlsLibrary.dll
C:\Users\Hossein\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\firstversion\firstversion\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.pdb
C:\Users\Hossein\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\firstversion\firstversion\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.xml
C:\Users\Hossein\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\firstversion\firstversion\bin\Debug\RibbonControlsLibrary.pdb
C:\Users\Hossein\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\firstversion\firstversion\bin\Debug\RibbonControlsLibrary.xml
C:\Users\Hossein\Source\Repos\WPF-c-\firstversion\firstversion\bin\Debug\firstversion.exe.config
C:\Users\Hossein\Source\Repos\WPF-c-\firstversion\firstversion\obj\Debug\firstversion.exe
C:\Users\Hossein\Source\Repos\WPF-c-\firstversion\firstversion\obj\Debug\firstversion.pdb
